I give you my life, do you dare to take it?
I don't know what kind of blow you are?
You didn't even finish college
Tiger Lord, use my life to accompany you
My old man is firm
Use mine.
Mom, dad, get up
So impressive
A poor family
Enough, do you think this is a vegetable market?
pick and choose
Your whole family has to die for me
Someone come to me
I don't know good or bad
Then I will fulfill you
Trash kill him for me
I'll hack you to death.
What are you doing?
Your son is much cuter than you
Do you want to die?
You die for me
Dad, I'm your son
Kneel down and apologize to Lord Lu
Leave me to say that I can't compare to him, okay?
He's the real deal.
It really pissed me off.
big brother
Just kill them
lose money in vain
Also cheaper for them
What do you want?
I'm going to make them never turn over
You can only live humbly
Until the last drop of blood is drained
Don't you have no money to accompany you?
Then be my slave for life in Lujiacun
Sleeping in a pigsty and eating dog food
Do the cheapest thing